doc/rbd: explicit remind the directory access right (#34765)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/libvirt.rst

	admin socket = /var/run/ceph/$cluster-$type.$id.$pid.$cctid.asok

   The ``client.libvirt`` section name should match the cephx user you created
   above.  
   If SELinux or AppArmor is enabled, note that this could prevent the client
   process (qemu via libvirt) from doing some operations, such as writing logs
   or operate the images or admin socket to the destination locations (``/var/

>    log/ceph`` or ``/var/run/ceph``). Note: make sure that user libvirt-qemu has

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
   log/ceph`` or ``/var/run/ceph``). Additionally, make sure that the libvirt and qemu users have appropriate access to the specified directory.
```

>    and libvirt-qemu users have appropriate access to the specified directory.

Reviewer: There is no such thing as `libvirt-qemu` (on Fedora at least)

Author: @dillaman 
On ubuntu os, the right user is libvirt-qemu
```
liuc@aep-test02:~$ sudo grep 'libvirt\|qemu' /etc/group
libvirt:x:122:bmpa,,liuc
libvirt-qemu:x:64055:libvirt-qemu
```
I'll refine the patch and  add an example for Ubuntu in the doc

Reviewer: I don't want to call out specific users for special OSs. In reality, people should understand file permissions. If you really want to keep this, just keep it generic as "Additionally make sure that the directory has appropriate permissions".

Author: @dillaman 
Follow your initial suggestion. Thanks for your review.
